.\" $Id$
.
.Dd March 28, 2003
.Dt PMK 1
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm pmk
.Nd configuring tool
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Bk -words
.Op Fl hlv
.Op Fl b Ar path
.Op Fl d Ar switch_disable_list
.Op Fl e Ar switch_enable_list
.Op Fl f Ar file
.Op Fl o Ar file
.Op Ar options
.Ek
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a configuring tool which aims to help building project on different
operating systems.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl b Ar path
Use given path as basedir.
.It Fl d Ar switch_disable_list
Provide a list of switches to disable.
.It Fl e Ar switch_enable_list
Provide a list of switches to enable.
.It Fl f Ar file
Use an alternate file instead of
.Xr pmkfile 5 .
.It Fl h
Display usage.
.It Fl l
Enable check build log.
.It Fl o Ar file
Override pmk.conf data with the content of the given file.
.It Fl v
Display the version number.
.El
.
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "/etc/pmk/pmk.conf" -compact
.It Pa pmkfile
.Xr pmk 1
specification file.
.It Pa /etc/pmk/pmk.conf
default
.Xr pmk 1
configuration file
.El
.
.Sh EXAMPLES
To display pmk version number:
.Pp
.Dl $ pmk -v
.Pp
To use src as the basedir and disable two switches:
.Pp
.Dl $ pmk -b src -d use_gtk,use_qt
.Pp
To specify an alternate
.Xr pmkfile 5 ,
enabling one switch and overriding
.Pa /etc/pmk/pmk.conf
with the content of a given file (pmk/pmkovr in this case):
.Pp
.Dl $ pmk -f pmk/pmkfile -e use_curses -o pmk/pmkovr
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr make 1 ,
.Xr pmkscan 1 ,
.Xr pmkfile 5 ,
.Xr pmk.conf 5 ,
.Xr pmksetup 8
.
.Sh HISTORY
The idea to replace configure script was existing since a long time.
But the projet was initiated in the begining of March 2003.
.
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Damien Couderc.
.
.Sh BUGS
You have to find them.
