.\"	$Id$

.\"	$OpenBSD: install.1,v 1.19 2003/06/10 09:12:13 jmc Exp $
.\"	$NetBSD: install.1,v 1.4 1994/11/14 04:57:17 jtc Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987, 1990, 1993
.\"	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'''AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)install.1	8.1 (Berkeley) 6/6/93
.\"
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2003 Damien Couderc
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" - Redistribution of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" - Neither the name of the copyright holder(s) nor the names of its
.\"   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
.\"   from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'''AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"

.Dd June 6, 1993
.Dt PMKINSTALL 1
.Os

.Sh NAME
.Nm pmkinstall
.Nd install binaries and data

.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl cs
.\".Op Fl bcs
.Op Fl g Ar group
.Op Fl m Ar mode
.Op Fl o Ar owner
.Ar file1 file2
.Nm 
.Op Fl cs
.\".Op Fl bcs
.Op Fl g Ar group
.Op Fl m Ar mode
.Op Fl o Ar owner
.Ar file1
\&...
.Ar fileN directory
.Nm pmkinstall
.Fl d
.Op Fl g Ar group
.Op Fl m Ar mode
.Op Fl o Ar owner
.Ar directory
\&...
.Nm pmkinstall
.Fl v
.Nm pmkinstall
.Fl h

.Sh DESCRIPTION
The file(s) are copied to the target file or directory.
If the destination is a directory, then the
.Ar file
is copied into
.Ar directory
with its original filename.
.\"If the target file already exists, it is
.\"either renamed to
.\".Ar file.old
.\"if the
.\".Fl b
.\"option is given
.\"or overwritten
.\"if permissions allow.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.\".It Fl b
.\"Backup any existing files before overwriting them by renaming
.\"them to
.\".Ar file.old .
.It Fl c
Copy the file.
This is actually the default.
The
.Fl c
option is only included for backwards compatibility.
.It Fl d
Create directories.
Missing parent directories are created as required.
.It Fl g
Specify a group.
A numeric GID is allowed.
.It Fl h
Display usage.
.It Fl m
Specify an alternate mode.
The default mode is set to rwxr-xr-x (0755).
The specified mode may be either an octal or symbolic value; see
.Xr chmod 1
for a description of possible mode values.
.It Fl o
Specify an owner.
A numeric UID is allowed.
.It Fl s
.Nm
exec's the command of environment variable
.Ev STRIP
to strip binaries so that install can be portable over a large
number of systems and binary types.
If the environment variable
.Ev STRIP
is not set, the action is skipped.
.It Fl h
Display version.
.El

Upon successful completion a value of 0 is returned.
Otherwise, a value >0 is returned.
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Bl -tag -width "STRIP"
.It Ev STRIP
Set which
.Xr strip 1
program to run.
.El

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pmk 1 ,
.Xr pmkscan 1 ,
.Xr pmksetup 8

.Sh AUTHOR
.An Damien Couderc .

.Sh HISTORY
The idea to replace configure script was existing since a long time. 
But the projet was initiated in the begining of March 2003.

