.\" $Id$

.Dd January 20, 2004
.Dt PMKPC 1
.Os

.Sh NAME
.Nm pmkpc
.Nd Packages metainformation management tool.

.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.B pmkpc
.Op Ar options
.Op Ar modules

.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a tool that gathers metainformation about installed libraries that
provide pkg-config data files.
It aims to be an alternative to the pkg-config tool.

.Sh OPTIONS
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It --version
Display compatibility version relative to pkgconfig.
.It --atleast-pkgconfig-version
Check if compatibility version is at least equal or greater than the
version provided as an argument.
.It --modversion
Display the version of the given library modules using one line for
each version.
.It --atleast-version
Check if each module version is at least equal or greater than the
version provided as an argument.
.It --exact-version
Check if each module version is equal to the version provided as an
argument.
.It --max-version
Check if each module version is at least equal or smaller than the
version provided as an argument.
.It --exists
Check if given library modules exists.
.It --cflags
Display pre-processor and compiler flags for given library modules.
Duplicates values are automatically removed.
.It --cflags-only-I
Enable output filtering of compiler flags and keep include path. See
output filtering section.
.It --cflags-only-other
Enable output filtering of compiler flags and keep other flags than
include path.
See output filtering section.
.It --libs
Display linker flags for given library modules.
Duplicate values are automatically removed.
.It --libs_only_l
Enable output filtering of linker flags and keep library linking flags.
See output filtering section.
.It --libs_only_L
Enable output filtering of linker flags and keep library path flags.
See output filtering section.
.It --libs_only_other
Enable output filtering of linker flags and keep other flags than
library linking and path flags. See output filtering section.
.It --help
Only for compatibility with pkg-config. Refers to this man page.
.It --usage
Display usage.
.It --list-all
Display all module names and descriptions.
.El

.Pp
The following options have not been implemented yet:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
--uninstalled
--debug
--variable
--define-variable
--print-errors
--silence-errors
--errors-to-stdout
.Ed

.Sh OUTPUT FILTERING
As pkg-config has no standard specifications we determinated its
behavior from pkg-config man page.
The result is that filtering options can be accumulated.
The default behavior is like if all filtering options were enabled.

.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "pmkcfgtool.dat" -compact
.It Pa pmkcfgtool.dat
config tool specific data.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pkg-config 1
.Sh HISTORY
Initialy pmk was using pkg-config in a sub shell.
Further, internal support was developed to improve the speed of data gathering.
While studying the code of pkg-config we discovered some chunks of code that
were unsafe (malloc return unchecked, use of strcpy without any check, ...).
Knowing that, we decided to try to do a safer implementation and pmkpc was born.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Damien Couderc and Xavier Santolaria .
