.\" $Id$
.
.Dd November 5, 2005
.Dt PMKSYNTAX 5
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm PMK Syntax
.Nd PMK files syntax manual
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
This manual page describe the basic syntax used in PMK files such as
.Nm pmkfile
and
.Nm scanfile
.
.Sh DATA TYPES
.Nm
uses pseudo types like the following:
.Bl -tag -width "identifier"
.It Cm bool
The classical boolean type with TRUE and FALSE values.
.Pp
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
TRUE
FALSE
.Ed
.It Cm identifier
An identifier is a string of alphanumerical and underscores characters.
.Pp
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
REQUIRED
a_label
underscores_are_nice
.Ed
.It Cm quoted
This means quoted string which can contain a set of characters delimited
by quotation marks.
.Pp
For examples:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
"simple quoted string"
"string that contain \\"quotes\\" backslashed"
"can also contain filenames like pmkfile.scan"
.Ed
.It Cm list
It is one or more of the previous types between brackets.
Multiple objects are separated with a comma.
Blanks are currently not allowed beside commas, this means that you can
find them only in a quoted string of the list.
.Pp
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
("only_one_string")
("added a boolean",TRUE)
(mixed_list_of,"words","and",TRUE,"quoted strings")
.Ed
.El
.
.Sh BASIC SYNTAX
.Nm
can contain comments, blank lines and commands.
.Pp
A command has the following format (? character means optional field):
.Bd -literal -offset indent
<command><?(label)> {
	<body>
}
.Ed
.Pp
The command and label names can be assimilated to the 'word' type.
See
.Sx DATA TYPES
above.
.Pp
The body can contain comment(s) and definition line(s).
A commented line start with a '#' character like the following:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
# this is a comment line
.Ed
.Pp
A definition line has the following format:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
<?blank><key name><?blank>=<?blank><key value>
.Ed
.Pp
The key name is of identifier type.
.Pp
The key value type can be 'bool', 'quoted' or 'list'.
The right type will depend on the key name (see further).
.Pp
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
CHECK_INCLUDE(header_sys_param) {
	# following options use different uses of blank characters
	# key value is word type
	REQUIRED = TRUE
	# key value is list type
	DEPEND=	("dep_one",dep_two,"dep_three")
	# key value is quoted type
	INCLUDE = "sys/param.h"
}
.Ed
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pmkfile 5 ,
.Xr scanfile 5
.
