.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2003 Xavier Santolaria
.\" Copyright (c) 2004 Couderc Damien
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" - Redistribution of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" - Neither the name of the copyright holder(s) nor the names of its
.\"   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
.\"   from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"
.Dd April 03, 2003
.Dt PMKSETUP 8
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm pmksetup
.Nd premake setup
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm pmksetup
.Bk -words
.Op Fl hvV
.Op Fl r Ar variable
.Op Fl u Ar variable="value"
.Ek
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm 
utility is meant to create or update the
.Xr pmk.conf 5
file in order to run the
.Xr pmk 1
configuration tool.
.Pp
.Nm
reads all configuration information from the 
.Xr pmk.conf 5
file.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl h
Display the help menu.
.It Fl r Ar variable
Remove the given variable from 
.Xr pmk.conf 5
if its value isn't static.
Data gathering is skipped by this option.
.It Fl u Ar variable="value"
Add or update existing variable from
.Xr pmk.conf 5
if its value isn't static.
Data gathering is skipped by this option.
.It Fl v
Display the version number.
.It Fl V
Verbose, display debugging messages.
.El
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "/etc/pmk.conf" -compact
.It Pa /etc/pmk.conf
Default location of the configuration file.
.El 
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr make 1 ,
.Xr pmk 1 ,
.Xr pmkscan 1 ,
.Xr pmk.conf 5 ,
.Xr pmkfile 5
.Sh AUTHORS
Damien Couderc and Xavier Santolaria
.Sh HISTORY
The idea to replace configure script was existing since a long time.
But the project was initiated in the beginning of March 2003.  
